Document DP limitations and known issues (#168)
couchbaselabs/observability: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

* CMOS is built for Couchbase Server 7.0 and above.
  Lower versions are supported but some features might be missing.
  We intend to improve support for lower versions in future releases, however Couchbase Server 7.0 and above will remain the primary target of development.
* Limited cross-version compatibility by supporting migrating from previous version to latest version.
  Best efforts will be made but the intention is this iterates often and no backwards compatibility is provided.
  We will show how to migrate from X-1 to X but no more than that, users should be following an agile lifecycle of constant upgrade.
* The Couchbase cluster monitor is proprietary and requires access to the repository to build it into the container.
  The container can be built without it by removing it and there is a https://github.com/couchbaselabs/observability/tree/main/tools/build-oss-container.sh[helper script^] that does this, however certain features (in particular Grafana dashboards) may not be fully functional without it.
  We plan to address this in a future release.

== Known Issues

CMOS is provided as a Developer Preview and may have bugs, missing features, or other issues.

> Below is an incomplete of issues that we plan to address in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an incomplete list of issues that we plan to address in a future release.
```

> To see the full list or report any issues you encounter. please check the JIRA board and Forums linked below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the full list or report any issues you encounter please check the JIRA board and Forums linked below.
```

== Caveats and restrictions

* CMOS is built for Couchbase Server 7.0 and above.
  Lower versions are supported but some features might be missing.
  We intend to improve support for lower versions in future releases, however Couchbase Server 7.0 and above will remain the primary target of development.
* Limited cross-version compatibility by supporting migrating from previous version to latest version.
  Best efforts will be made but the intention is this iterates often and no backwards compatibility is provided.
  We will show how to migrate from X-1 to X but no more than that, users should be following an agile lifecycle of constant upgrade.

> * The Couchbase cluster monitor is proprietary and requires access to the repository to build it into the container.

Author: ```suggestion
* Part of CMOS is the closed-source Couchbase Cluster Monitor, which is included from a private repository at build time.
```

@ingenthr @anilkumar29 Wording change per our chat earlier - how does this sound?

Reviewer 2: CMOS is open source; however, the `Couchbase Cluster Monitor`  is a closed source (private repo) component. If you are building from the source, this component will require access to the repository to make it into the container.

Author: ```suggestion
* CMOS is open source; however, the Couchbase Cluster Monitor is a closed source (private repository) component.
  If you are building from source, this component will require access to the repository to be included in the container.
```
